Adding cozero completemented (P61) to various spaces (#1526)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000185/properties/P000061.md

---
space: S000185
property: P000061
value: true
---

As singletons from $a \in \omega^2$ are connected components, $\{a\}$ is cozero.
So as countable unions of cozero sets are cozero, every subset of $\omega^2$ is a cozero set.

> Thus, given a cozero set $A$, $B := X \setminus (A \cup \{\infty_1,\infty_2\})$ is cozero and $\omega^2 \subseteq A \cup B$, which is dense.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Singletons $\{a\}$ with $a\in\omega^2$ are clopen sets, hence cozero sets.
So every subset of $\omega^2$ is a cozero set, as a countable union of cozero sets.

Thus, given a cozero set $A$, the set $B := X \setminus (A \cup \{\infty_1,\infty_2\})$ is a cozero set disjoint from $A$, and $A \cup B$ is dense in $X$ since it contains $\omega^2$.
```
rewording for readability
